Add KB for theme customization options (#845)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/common-theme-customization-options.md

    * This option allows customization of the **colors only**.
    * Upgrading the custom theme is straight-forward via [JSON file import]({%slug themes-custom%}#import-custom-theme).
2. [Build a custom theme from our SASS source]({%slug themes-custom%}#manual-alternative).
    * This option provides **full control** over the resulting CSS code.
    * Upgrading requires you to pull the changes from the [**`kendo-themes`** repo](https://github.com/telerik/kendo-themes) and **rebuild** the custom theme. Ideally, make only [variable and style overrides](https://github.com/telerik/kendo-themes/wiki/Core-Code-Concepts) with minimal edits to our source code itself. However, major customizations may require more changes and maintenance.
3. [Override theme styles with additional CSS code]({%slug themes-override%}).
    * This approach is possible with **both built-in themes or custom themes** made by the ThemeBuilder.
    * This option allows **full control** over the styling, but makes sense only up to a certain amount of customization. Beyond that, resort to building the theme from the source.

>     * Upgrading may or may not require changes to the additional CSS code.

Author: ```suggestion
    * Upgrading may require changes to the additional custom CSS code, but only if there are breaking changes in the HTML output and styling.
```
